Gatzgy Manual

1)	The overall goal of the Gatzgy app is to try to remind users to live more adventurous lives. Too often people forget to take time and enjoy life, so Gatzgy is made to help provide motivation, or at the very least an excuse, to do things that they enjoy or things that will make good stories. Gatzgy basically functions as journal app in which users may store photos with descriptions of what they did. Gatzgy provides the user with a daily challenge to help ensure that these journal entries will be filled with fun and unique stories. Gatzgy also provides users with the option to create new challenges for themselves, in order to ensure that every user has an enjoyable experience. The following paragraphs explain the functionality of the app in its entirety.

2)	Upon tapping to select the app from the home screen, the app will first display the green loading page containing a beautiful rendition of the app’s name. This screen is only temporary and it will soon load the “Journal” screen. The Journal screen functions as the main home page. While on the Journal screen, users can drag the table up or down to peruse any previously saved entries. Upon loading the app for the first time, this screen will be populated with three sample entries, however do not fret, these impersonal entries can be removed at any time. To do so, simply swipe from right to left on the desired entry. This will reveal a red delete button, simply press the delete button to remove the entry from the list.

3)	At any time, the user can see an expanded version of an entry by simply tapping on it. This will take the user to a new page that displays the entry’s title, photo, and description. The user can then see the full description text, as well as make any edits that they would like. Edits can be made by simply tapping on the desired field to change (title, photo, or description) and typing. The title and description are added by using the keyboard, whereas the photo is selected through the photoLibrary. To exit photo selection simply hit the cancel button or tap the selected photo. To exit the title field simply hit the done button, however to exit the description keyboard, the user must tap out of the keyboard. When the user is ready to save any changes, they can simply click the “Done” button located in the top right corner, or at any time, the user can hit the cancel button to return to the journal screen without saving any changes.

4)	Back at the Journal screen we can see the + button in the top right corner, this will take the user to a screen for making a new entry. This screen functions exactly like the last paragraph explains. Also, on the journal screen we have a menu button in the top left corner (three lines stacked on top of each other). Upon pressing this button, a menu will slide out from the left side of the screen. This menu can be exited at any time by either 1) Pressing the menu button once again 2) swiping from right to left across the screen 3) choosing a desired location to travel to. To choose a desired location, simply press on the desired icon or text. The menu will then re-route the user to that screen. The menu has the following options: Journal, Daily Challenge, Add New Challenge, and Settings. These will now be described in order.

5)	The Daily challenge screen is a fairly simple screen. It just displays the day’s challenge and is meant to be read and enjoyed. The screen only has one button, the menu button, which is located in the top left corner, pressing the button will bring up the menu which functions as specified in the preceding paragraph.

6)	The add new challenge screen functions exactly as the “Entry” screen as specified in paragraph 3. Only now the done button is replaced with a Save, button and, when pressed, the save button issues a warning that challenges may not be removed once saved, to which the user may respond “cancel” or “ok”, where cancel does not save the data and ok will. The only other button on the screen is the menu button which functions as specified in paragraph 4.

7)	Lastly we have the Settings screen. This screen only contains a notification setting, controlled by a switch, and may be set to on or off. To change the state of the switch, simply tap it. Once again, the only other button on the screen is the menu button (see paragraph 4 for functionality).
